add fighting game rollback examples (#70)
MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking: README.md

- [How a Shooter Shoots](https://kotaku.com/5869564/networking-how-a-shooter-shoots) - Armin Ronacher's analysis on Battlefield 3's shooting mechanism in multiplayer.
- [Impact Of Latency In Wireless Networks For Real-time Multiplayer Games On Mobile Devices](https://ntnuopen.ntnu.no/ntnu-xmlui/bitstream/handle/11250/2352307/11752_FULLTEXT.pdf) - A paper.
- [IT Hare on Network Programming](http://ithare.com/category/network-programming/) - Detailed network programming articles from IT Hare team.

> - [I wanna make a fighting game! - Determinism](https://andrea-jens.medium.com/i-wanna-make-a-fighting-game-a-practical-guide-for-beginners-part-5-f049a78ddc5b) - Article explaining the determinism requirements of peer-to-peer rollback netcode, especially for fighting games.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we link to part 1 instead of part 5?

Part 1 link: https://andrea-jens.medium.com/i-wanna-make-a-fighting-game-a-practical-guide-for-beginners-part-1-2021-update-955a4672eea5

Author: Yeah I guess that’s fair, I just wanted to link to the bit about determinism specifically since that’s important for rollback netcode

  - [Normcore](https://normcore.io/) - Seamless multiplayer game networking for Unity (Cloud/SaaS).
  - [Photon Engine](https://photonengine.com) - Hybrid multiplayer game networking platform (Cloud/SaaS).
  - [RiptideNetworking](https://github.com/tom-weiland/RiptideNetworking) - Lightweight C# networking solution for multiplayer games.

>   - [BestoNet](https://github.com/BestoGames/BestoNet) - A custom rollback networking solution developed for the fighting game Idol Showdown. Built in C# for Unity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [BestoNet](https://github.com/BestoGames/BestoNet) - GGPO-style rollback networking for fighting game in Unity/C#.
```

>   - [PleaseResync](https://github.com/NoisyChain/PleaseResync-Unity) - Peer to Peer Rollback Networking Library Written in C# for Unity 

Reviewer: I'm confused about this one. It links to another project (https://github.com/HeatXD/PleaseResync) but this repo itself it not a fork of it?
Can you help me understand this repo and the other one linked there in README?

Author: This repo is the most updated version of Please Resync I could find (which is a GGPO port to c#)

Author: now that i think about it, it will probably be best to remove it and add it in later, since we already have a couple of GGPO C# ports in here anyways

- Go
  - [Nakama](https://github.com/heroiclabs/nakama) - Open-source backend infrastructure for multiplayer games (also with Unity/C# SDK).
  - [GoWorld](https://github.com/xiaonanln/goworld) - Scalable Distributed Game Server Engine with Hot Swapping (and Unity demo!).

>   - [GGPO-Go](https://github.com/assemblaj/ggpo) - GGPO Port Into Go

Reviewer: > Currently unfinished.

err... let's get this into the list later, like when it looks more finished/tested?

Author: That sounds good to me

- Godot

>   - [Snopek's Godot Rollback Netcode Addon](https://gitlab.com/snopek-games/godot-rollback-netcode/) - An addon for implementing rollback and prediction netcode in the Godot game engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Snopek's Rollback Netcode](https://gitlab.com/snopek-games/godot-rollback-netcode/) - Godot addon implementing rollback and prediction netcode.
```

>   - [Rakugaki Rumble](https://github.com/AndreaJens/rakugaki-rumble) - A small open source Godot 4.2 fighting game project using Snopek's Rollback Addon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Rakugaki Rumble](https://github.com/AndreaJens/rakugaki-rumble) - Small fighting game using [Snopek's Rollback Netcode](https://gitlab.com/snopek-games/godot-rollback-netcode/).
```

>   - [Delta Rollback](https://gitlab.com/BimDav/delta-rollback) - Port of Snopek's Rollback Addon to C++, has increased performance and optimizations compared to the former

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Delta Rollback Netcode](https://gitlab.com/BimDav/delta-rollback) - C++ port of [Snopek's Rollback Netcode](https://gitlab.com/snopek-games/godot-rollback-netcode/) with performance optimizations.
```

>   - [Godot Rollback Fighter Demo](https://github.com/blast-harbour/Godot-Rollback-Fighter-Demo) - Example fighting game project using Delta Rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Rollback Fighter Demo](https://github.com/blast-harbour/Godot-Rollback-Fighter-Demo) - Example fighting game using [Delta Rollback Netcode](https://gitlab.com/BimDav/delta-rollback).
```
